
Things I think I'd like to do today for stream

## Create a twitch bio updater
[twitch bio updater](twitch-bio-updater.md)

The idea is to have files like `bio/about-me.md` and when I commit changes
to those files, GitHub will run actions to deploy those changes to my twitch
profile.

🤔 what about extenion development [out of scope]

GitHub actions [enhancement] 

all we really need is a CLI app that takes text and updates my page

Does this already exist? Maybe but I don't want to look. it's not about being 
first to market, it's about building my own ideas.

- [✅] Is there an API to update the about me panels?
    - Still hard to determine
    - However, I discovered there is a [twitch-cli](https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/cli/) that you can use to call the API.
    - Not sure if there's API access to change the panels
    - This still generated a bunch of ideas on how to do twitch things on the 
    CLI which is what I really want at the end of the day.
    - I later found there's at least a way to [set the channel description](https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/api/reference/#update-user)
    via API

### Spin off stories

- Set [chatbot commands from CLI](chatbot-commands-from-cli.md)
- Set [VOD markers from CLI](vod-markers-from-cli.md)
    - Delete VODs from CLI
- Start a poll from CLI
- make a service that alerts on new follower
- activate a MIDI signal when someone redeems channel points
    - a `!redeem-help` chat command to give viewers a manual on how to work the 
    MIDI input redeem

- [✅] make a page for this original story

## Change README.md
- [❌] needs a link to twitch

## Brainstorm a trailer
if I'm not going to have VODs, then I'm gonna need some sort of content for 
when I'm offline.


